Adding notes from two sessions (#51)
Blackjacx/WWDC: README.md

- **Updates to development**
  - Dynamic updates to list elements
  - `CPListItem`
  - `CPListImageRowItem`

## Explore App Clips

https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10174

_James Savage, Luming Yin_

- **What is an App Clip?**

>     - App Clip Experience URL is required to run App Clips which are parts of your App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - App Clip Experience URL is required to run App Clips which are parts of your app
```

    - On-demand app experiences
- **App Clip Experiences**
    - App Clip URLs are similar to Universal Links

>     - Registered using App Store connect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Registered using App Store Connect
```

>     - Surfaced through user actions via NFC / QR codes / Links in safari or other apps / Apple App Clip codes combine the ease of NFC and visual codes so they can be tapped or scanned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Surfaced through user actions via NFC / QR codes / links in safari or other apps / Apple App Clip codes combine the ease of NFC and visual codes so they can be tapped or scanned
```

>     - Surfaced through user actions via NFC / QR codes / links in safari or other apps / Apple App Clip codes combine the ease of NFC and visual codes so they can be tapped or scanned

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Surfaced through user actions via NFC / QR codes / links in Safari or other apps / Apple App Clip codes combine the ease of NFC and visual codes so they can be tapped or scanned
```

- **New App Clip Target in Xcode**
    - Contains all assets
    - Needs to be submitted along with the app for review
    - It gets downloaded separately if the app is not installed on user’s device
    - Should be as small as possible for quick downloads (less than 10MB but with enough assets to load UI quickly)
    - Focused user flows - one at a time
- **Demo**
    - Ordering smoothies
    - New App Clip target embedded in the application

>         - Name and bundle ID for app clip added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Name and bundle ID for App Clip added
```

        - It can build and run with boilerplate code right away
    - Add code and resources
        - `NutritionFacts` dependency added
        - Create new Assets Catalog as shared assets
            - Drag App Icon, Colors and other image assets required for app clip into the shared assets catalog
        - Add the required model and view files to App Clip target

>             - Let go of unwanted swift files like navigation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            - Let go of unwanted Swift files like navigation
```

        - Conditionally compile out the references to files not added to App Clip
            - Build Settings > Swift Compiler custom flags > Active Compilation Conditions > Add APPCLIP condition for required schemes.

>             - Use #if !APPCLIP to compile out unwanted references in swift code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Use #if !APPCLIP to compile out unwanted references in Swift code
```

>     - Write code for AppClip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Write code for App Clip
```

        - Add required models and views to the new AppClip

>         - Include existing views in the AppClip’s content view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Include existing views in the App Clip’s content view
```

- **Technology Overview**

>     - AppClips are built using same UI components as an App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - App Clips are built using same UI components as an app
```

    - When launched, it receives `NSUserActivity`
        - Use the URL to identify the type of experience to be handled

>     - Unlike extensions, AppClip can make use of all iOS SDK APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Unlike extensions, App Clip can make use of all iOS SDK APIs
```

        - Note: Access to sensitive data is limited
        - Always check if data is available
    - New location confirmation API helps get the location quickly without requesting full access

>     - New API for migrating data from AppClip to main app using shared data container once installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - New API for migrating data from App Clip to main app using shared data container once installed
```

>     - AppClip and it’s local storage will be deleted after period of inactivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - App Clip and its local storage will be deleted after period of inactivity
```

        - Not included in backups

>     - Can not be launched via Universal links or custom URL schemes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Can not be launched via Universal Links or custom URL schemes
```

    - Can not include bundle extensions like content blockers
- **Device states and transitions**
    - User scans QR code

>     - iOS locates, downloads and runs the app clip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - iOS locates, downloads and runs the App Clip
```

>     - If the app clip is not revisited for a while, the app clip and it’s data gets deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the App Clip is not revisited for a while, the App Clip and its data gets deleted
```

>         - Treat app clip data as cache; which can be deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Treat App Clip data as cache; which can be deleted
```

>     - If the app clip is visited frequently, the app clip lifetime will be extended and data may never be cleared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the App Clip is visited frequently, its lifespan will be extended and data may never be cleared
```

>         - When user downloads your app, iOS will automatically migrate the data container and the user permissions granted by user already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - When user downloads your app, iOS will automatically migrate the data container and the permissions that were already granted by the user
```

>         - iOS still deletes the app clip and it’s container after copying the data container to the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - iOS still deletes the App Clip and its container after copying the data container to the app
```

- **Other technologies**
    - Apple Pay
    - Notifications
    - SwiftUI

>     - `SKOverlay` / AppStoreOverlayModifier (Refer to what’s new in In-app purchase session)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `SKOverlay` / `AppStoreOverlayModifier` (refer to [What’s new with in-app purchase](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10661/) session)
```

    - `ASAuthorizationController` for sign in or sign up

> ## Meet the new Photos Picker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Meet the new Photos picker
```

☝️ consistent with the WWDC website

> https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10652/

Reviewer: Please refer to the [Contributing.md](https://github.com/Blackjacx/WWDC/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-changes) file 😃 
```suggestion
https://developer.apple.com/wwdc20/10652/
```

_Tobias Conradi, Justin Jia_

- **PHPicker** 
  - Direct access to user’s photo gallery
	- Supports zoom in, multi-select, review
	- Types are filterable
	- Privacy built in by default
	- It won’t prompt the user for access
	- It runs out of the app’s process
		- Separate process rendered on top of the app

> 		- Only what user selects is passed back to the app

Reviewer: This is awesome!! 🤩 finally!

- **Implementation**

>   - `PHPickerConfiguration` which can include type filters is passed to `PHPickerViewController` which has delegates to handle responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `PHPickerConfiguration` (which can include type filters) is passed to `PHPickerViewController`, which has delegates to handle responses
```

  - `PHPickerConfiguration`
	  - Selection limit
	  - Image / Video type
  - Initialize `PHPickerViewController` by using the configuration
	- Set delegate and implement protocol functions
	  - `didFinishPicking`
		- `NSItemProvider` - representation of the item, async, requires error handling
- **Demo**
  - Photo preview app
	- `UIImageView` with placeholder image
	- Plus button for image selection
		- Present the new picker
    - Create `PHPickerConfiguration` with images filter and selection limit (set to zero for unlimited selection)
		- Initialize the `PHPickerViewController` with this configuration
		- Present the new controller after setting delegate and following the protocol
	  - Implement `didFinishPicking`
			- Dismiss the picker first
			- Retrieve the image via item provider and use main queue to update your UI
	  - Use `IndexingIterator<[NSItemProvider]>` to save array of item providers
	  - Add touch event to iterate through the array of picked images
- **Note**
  - `AssetsLibrary` will go away; switch to `PhotoKit`

>   - `UIImagePickerController` is to be deprecated and replaced with `PHPickerViewController`

Reviewer: Great! This is good to know 🚀
